http://www.pmo.gov.pk/pm_speech_details.php?speech_id=1	Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharifs address on Independence Day of Pakistan
http://www.pmo.gov.pk/pm_speech_details.php?speech_id=26	PM's Speech on the Occasion of inauguration of Sahabzada YaqubKhan Block of the Ministry of Fore
http://www.pmo.gov.pk/pm_speech_details.php?speech_id=16	Speech of the Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif at Pak Army Field Excercise
http://www.pmo.gov.pk/pm_speech_details.php?speech_id=4	Speech by the Prime Minister at the induction ceremony PNS Aslat
http://www.pmo.gov.pk/pm_speech_details.php?speech_id=5	Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharifs speech for the business forum
http://www.pmo.gov.pk/pm_speech_details.php?speech_id=33	PM Speech at Education Conference
http://www.pmo.gov.pk/pm_speech_details.php?speech_id=23	Speech of Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif at rollout ceremony of the JF17 at PAC Kamra
http://www.pmo.gov.pk/pm_speech_details.php?speech_id=6	Prime Minister of Pakistans Statement at the Joint Press Stakeout
http://www.pmo.gov.pk/pm_speech_details.php?speech_id=8	PMs youth policy address 21st September 2013
http://www.pmo.gov.pk/pm_speech_details.php?speech_id=30	Speech by Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif at Sultana Foundation
http://www.pmo.gov.pk/pm_speech_details.php?speech_id=7	Remarks by the Prime Minister on the conferment of Cumhuriyet Nishan by President Abdullah Gul
http://www.pmo.gov.pk/pm_speech_details.php?speech_id=10	Address by His Excellency Mr Muhammad Nawaz Sharif Prime Minister of the Islamic Republic of Pak
http://www.pmo.gov.pk/pm_speech_details.php?speech_id=34	PM's Address to the Boao Forum for Asia Annual Meeting Titled "Asia's New Future Identifying New
http://www.pmo.gov.pk/pm_speech_details.php?speech_id=9	PM's Statement at the HighLevel Meeting of the General Assembly on Nuclear Disarmament
http://www.pmo.gov.pk/pm_speech_details.php?speech_id=13	Prime Minister's Remarks at the USPakistan Business Council USPBC Luncheon Washington DC 21 O
http://www.pmo.gov.pk/pm_speech_details.php?speech_id=41	Remarks by the PM at the Joint Press Stakeout with the President of Tajikistan Dushanbe 17 June 
http://www.pmo.gov.pk/pm_speech_details.php?speech_id=12	Remarks of Prime Minister of Pakistan Muhammad Nawaz Sharif on the commissioning inauguration of
http://www.pmo.gov.pk/pm_speech_details.php?speech_id=14	Prime Minister's address at United States Institute of Peace Washington DC on Pakistan's Vision 
http://www.pmo.gov.pk/pm_speech_details.php?speech_id=47	PMs speech at the 18th SAARC Summit
http://www.pmo.gov.pk/pm_speech_details.php?speech_id=11	Address by the Prime Minister on the graduation parade of 130 GDp 75 Engineering 89 Air Defence 
http://www.pmo.gov.pk/pm_speech_details.php?speech_id=15	Speech by Prime Minister of Pakistan Muhammad Nawaz Sharif At 9th World Islamic Economic Forum
http://www.pmo.gov.pk/pm_speech_details.php?speech_id=56	PMs Statment on "Water for Life" 20052015
http://www.pmo.gov.pk/pm_speech_details.php?speech_id=18	Speech by the Prime Minister Luncheon Meeting with Prominent Thai Pakistan Businessmen
http://www.pmo.gov.pk/pm_speech_details.php?speech_id=22	PM speech at Asian Parliament Association
http://www.pmo.gov.pk/pm_speech_details.php?speech_id=67	Opening Remarks by the Prime Minister for inauguration of the Ministerial Conference of Heart of
http://www.pmo.gov.pk/pm_speech_details.php?speech_id=17	Speech of the Prime Minister of Islamic Republic of Pakistan on ITU Connect Asia Pacific Summit 
http://www.pmo.gov.pk/pm_speech_details.php?speech_id=24	PM Speech to Chritain Community
http://www.pmo.gov.pk/pm_speech_details.php?speech_id=79	Remarks by the Prime Minister at the Business Lunch New York 22nd September 2016
http://www.pmo.gov.pk/pm_speech_details.php?speech_id=20	PM speech at Karachi Coastal Power Project K2K3 Ground Breaking Ceremony
http://www.pmo.gov.pk/pm_speech_details.php?speech_id=25	Prime Minister of Pakistan's Speech at the PakTurk Business Forum
http://www.pmo.gov.pk/pm_speech_details.php?speech_id=21	PMs remarks at joint press stakeout at Kabul
http://www.pmo.gov.pk/pm_speech_details.php?speech_id=28	Speech by Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif at the National Assembly
http://www.pmo.gov.pk/pm_speech_details.php?speech_id=27	Speech of Prime Minister of Pakistan Muhammad Nawaz Sharif at 100th Midshipmen commissioning 9th
http://www.pmo.gov.pk/pm_speech_details.php?speech_id=29	PM speech at National Defense University Islamabad
http://www.pmo.gov.pk/pm_speech_details.php?speech_id=31	Statement by PM at the Nuclear Security Summit at The Hague March 24 2014
http://www.pmo.gov.pk/pm_speech_details.php?speech_id=36	Prime Minister's Speech at the London Investment Conference 3042014
http://www.pmo.gov.pk/pm_speech_details.php?speech_id=32	Opening Remarks of Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif at the Informal Plenary on the future of
http://www.pmo.gov.pk/pm_speech_details.php?speech_id=37	Address by the Prime Minister at the Envoys Conference
http://www.pmo.gov.pk/pm_speech_details.php?speech_id=35	PM speech at PMA 129th PMA long course
http://www.pmo.gov.pk/pm_speech_details.php?speech_id=44	Speech of the Prime Minister at International Investment Conference
http://www.pmo.gov.pk/pm_speech_details.php?speech_id=43	PMs Speech at Navy War College Lahore
http://www.pmo.gov.pk/pm_speech_details.php?speech_id=46	PMs Speech to the London Energy Roundtable
http://www.pmo.gov.pk/pm_speech_details.php?speech_id=45	Prime Minister's statement at the dialogue on strengthening connectivity partnership
http://www.pmo.gov.pk/pm_speech_details.php?speech_id=52	PM Speech Baluchistan Development Forum
http://www.pmo.gov.pk/pm_speech_details.php?speech_id=48	PMs Speech on 271114 in the 18th SAARC Summit at Kathmandu
http://www.pmo.gov.pk/pm_speech_details.php?speech_id=62	Statement by PM during the General Debate of the Seventieth Session of the UN General Assembly
http://www.pmo.gov.pk/pm_speech_details.php?speech_id=53	Vote of Thanks by PM for the address to the Joint Session of Parliament by HE Mr Xi Jinping
http://www.pmo.gov.pk/pm_speech_details.php?speech_id=63	Prime Ministers Statement at the luncheon hosted by USPBC
http://www.pmo.gov.pk/pm_speech_details.php?speech_id=54	Remarks by the PM Pakistan and President Maldives at Joint press stakeout
http://www.pmo.gov.pk/pm_speech_details.php?speech_id=64	PMs Statement at the United States Institute of Peace USIP
http://www.pmo.gov.pk/pm_speech_details.php?speech_id=55	PMs Remarks at Joint Press Stakeout with President Ashraf Ghani
http://www.pmo.gov.pk/pm_speech_details.php?speech_id=65	Speech by Prime Minister of Pakistan Muhammad Nawaz Sharif at the INAUGURATION CEREMONY OF 2ND P
http://www.pmo.gov.pk/pm_speech_details.php?speech_id=60	Statement by HE Mr Muhammad Nawaz Sharif Prime Minister of the Islamic Republic of Pakistan at t
http://www.pmo.gov.pk/pm_speech_details.php?speech_id=78	Statement by PMat the General Debate of the 71st Session of the UN General Assembly 21 September
http://www.pmo.gov.pk/pm_speech_details.php?speech_id=58	PMs statement at the UN Summit for the Adoption of the Post2015 Development Agenda
http://www.pmo.gov.pk/pm_speech_details.php?speech_id=59	PMs ststement at the Global Leaders' Meeting on Gender Equality and Women Empowerment
http://www.pmo.gov.pk/pm_speech_details.php?speech_id=61	Statement by PM as cohost at the UN Peacekeeping Summit 28092015
http://www.pmo.gov.pk/pm_speech_details.php?speech_id=66	Remarks by the Prime Minister at the Joint Press Stakeout with the President of Tajikistan
http://www.pmo.gov.pk/pm_speech_details.php?speech_id=68	Statement of the Prime Minister of Pakistan at the SCO Heads of Government Meeting
http://www.pmo.gov.pk/pm_speech_details.php?speech_id=72	PM speech at Lunch hosted by Dean of Diplomats
http://www.pmo.gov.pk/pm_speech_details.php?speech_id=77	Statement by the Prime Minister at the HighLevel Meeting on Large Scale Movement of Refugees and
